refactor configauth to use auth extensions. movie oidc to extension (#18)
Zocdoc/opentelemetry-collector: config/configauth/README.md

# Authentication configuration for receivers

> This module allows server types, such as gRPC and HTTP, to be configured to perform authentication for requests and/or RPCs. Each server type is responsible for getting the request/RPC metadata and passing down to the authenticator.

Reviewer: We'll need to expand the docs to explain how to add new extensions

Author: Let me know what you think of the addition, I'm having a tough time writing this part for some reason

# Authentication configuration for receivers

This module allows server types, such as gRPC and HTTP, to be configured to perform authentication for requests and/or RPCs. Each server type is responsible for getting the request/RPC metadata and passing down to the authenticator.

> Authenticators are set up as extensions and passed to the server settings for a receiver. Unlike normal extensions, when an authenticator is intantiated by its factory, it must be registered with the `AddAuthenticatorToRegistry` in `configauth`. This way the reciever can look up the instance of the authenticator that it is configured to use. See [the OIDC extension factory](../../extension/oidcextension/factory.go) as an example.

Reviewer: I don't think the comparison to other extensions is meaningful, I'd remove it

```suggestion
Authenticators are set up as extensions and passed to the server settings for a receiver. When writing a custom authenticator extension, it must call `configauth.AddAuthenticatorToRegistry` from within its createExtension factory method. This allows the receiver can look up the instance of the authenticator that it is configured to use. See [the OIDC extension factory](../../extension/oidcextension/factory.go) as an example.
```
